I am currently a DLD within TEL and have experience working on both the production and pilot versions of ELE. This has allowed me to explore guiding academics on how to improve the student experience while also working on optimizing workload for staff. While studying for my Computer Science with TESOL bachelor's degree, I took the opportunity to explore how IT and pedagogy can be used together. I worked in partnership with academics to design, develop, and showcase a fully integrated system to streamline student peer review in group work. This project received positive feedback from stakeholders and has moved into further development as part of my new role. 

As part of a stage 2 module, I steered my group in building a web forum that integrated a clicker game functionality. We made use of open-source technologies and coded our own features as needed. We also gamified interactions with the forum to increase user retention over the long term. I also built a website from scratch as the school report and project demonstration for my first internship in a web development firm. 

I have extensive experience in multimedia and have been putting it into practice by supporting the Digital Maker Space at Exeter. I used that experience to advise on the use and purpose of the video production equipment already present in the DMS and recommend new purchases to complement the limitations of the current kit. My personal projects include archiving DV family tapes, processing and digitizing for film photography, editing down Hollywood films, optimizing and re-encoding media for my personal media centre server, repairing vintage lenses and cameras, and working as an event photographer. I also have experience in older media such as vinyls, magnetic tapes, and microfilms, and have a keen interest in media storage, file formats, optimizations, resolutions, and codecs and their impact on storage, delivery, and playback. 

I am also experienced in graphic design and have a keen eye for detail and consistency. I have regularly offered remastered logos to organizations or projects. I am familiar with vector drawing and photo processing workflows and have experience in video editing, both linear and non-linear. I prefer open-source software and technologies when dealing with multimedia projects but can adapt quickly to proprietary media editing suites like Adobe Creative Cloud. 

I have a keen interest in copyright matters and have fostered this interest through experiences such as being a member and president of my high school's debate society. I helped organize, assemble, and participate in teams that achieved high national rankings. 

As a volunteer translator and support advisor for a chat-based game with more than 1.5 million players, I moved up to head both the translation team (covering more than 20 languages, with multiple variants each) and the support team (sometimes handling high hundreds of messages a day). I also helped with server management, post-mortems, and acted as a public relations officer. This experience taught me the importance of time management, effective communication, and teamwork. My timetable flexibility and eagerness to learn during this period also helped shape my approach to challenges. I improved existing skills by offering them as solutions and discovered new ones by looking for answers to challenges. 

Juggling my final year of study with my internships and captaincy of the university’s archery club has taught me valuable time-management and multitasking skills, and I have developed a strong work ethic as a result. I am eager to keep developping these skills in a professional setting and continue to learn and grow in my field. 

In my current position of Digital Learning Developer, I have been furthering my group work peer review software, and after a very successful trial in Term 1 with an academic, I’m expanding the pilot to a few more modules this term. Working this closely with academics throughout the whole development process has allowed me to design a system that matches their needs and supports their pedagogical aims, while keeping in mind the security, reliability and resiliency practices that I encountered throughout my course and experiences. I have also been able to identify with the student perspective, in light of my recent graduation. 

I have also been supporting academics with Pilot ELE, and providing feedback and assistance to the project, like converting issue tracking from a spreadsheet to Trello, designing a custom banner for pilot modules, and providing technical feedback where relevant. Being part of the project also showed me that Pilot ELE has the right skeleton to implement features like an implementation of the software I’m trialling, and I’m hoping to showcase my implementation and the findings of my trials to recommend a similar feature is built into ELE, further improving student and academic experience. 
 
I also enjoy helping around the office, and the wider TQAE department, with providing co-workers with IT support and assistance, and suggest ways to optimise their workflow, cleaning up the office to make it a nicer place to work for everyone, organising equipment disposal and generally offering to help as I can. 
 
I am also really enjoying exploring technologies like handheld 3d scanners, industrial 360 cameras, and designing tests to identify their limits and potential uses in teaching. I have also been exploring new technologies like OpenAI’s chatGPT. Learning the benefits and limitations of such technology helps me identify aspects of teaching that might benefit from it. For example, I have been using, and documenting using ChatGPT as a reviewer for this very application.
